Re-write README so it more closely resembles a Table of Contents (#199)
thoughtbot/ruby-science: README.md

---
title: Ruby Science

> ---
> Ruby on Rails is almost a decade old, and its community has developed a number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---

Ruby on Rails is more than 15 years old and its community has developed a number
```
